---
title:  "Warwick Climbing Club AGM 2021"
excerpt: "The club annual general meeting will be held January 20th."
categories:
  - Post
tags:
  - news
---

Happy New Year, and I hope you are all keeping well. Next Wednesday 20 January is the date of the Annual General Meeting (AGM). The meeting will start at 20:00 and like everything currently, this will be an on-line event only. A link to the Zoom meeting will be sent out to the membership nearer to the event. Expect a couple of reminders before then because we really need every one to be there if at all possible.

The current lockdown will not last for ever and if the club is going to be ready when we can all go back to the hills, then we need to do this now. Officers must be elected for the year or we are not a valid club. On that note, Fergus will be stepping down from the committee this year as he has completed the maximum three consecutive years that the constitution allows. That leaves a vacancy for a new Membership Secretary. 

This is an important role, the Membership Secretary is the committee member most involved with the BMC, and supervises the quarterly returns to them which give us BMC club member status with access to insurance etc. If you would like to know more details of what is involved, then please email contact the Club Secretary. In any case, there will be a hand-over from the existing Membership Sec. (Fergus) who is not going away. 

Please consider whether you could donate a little of your time by volunteering for this role. Naturally, all the other committee positions are open as well should any members wish to stand.
