---
title:  "Warwick Climbing Club AGM 2023"
excerpt: "The club annual general meeting will be held January 31st."
categories:
  - Post
tags:
  - news
---

Before the AGM on Tuesday 31st I thought it would be useful to circulate a list of the committee posts that will be open for election.

Please consider whether you would be willing to carry out one of these roles in 2023. For all the roles, there are tools in place (document templates, trip posters, etc) and there will be a hand-over arranged. You would not just be left to get on with it, there will be plentiful help from experienced members available if required.

We expect the membership role to be a lot easier having switched to online forms and the automated system for the St Nicolas Wall helps there. The people who set these up are not going away and will be there to be consulted.

At least the three essential roles (Secretary, Treasurer & Membership) have to be filled for the club to function. please consider whether you would be willing to stand for one of the posts.



# Club Officers

For historical reasons, there is no role of Chairperson. The club custom is that no person may serve on the committee for more than three years.

## Secretary (essential)
- Ensure that regular committee meetings be held, and run them.
- Take and circulate the minutes. There are usually about 6 meetings a year.
- Keep an overall check on club activities.
- Report to the AGM and organise the following years committee.


## Treasurer (essential)
- Check and approve the club funds.
- Deal with the bank(s).
- Make payments and receive money as required by the club.
- Report to AGM.


## Membership (essential)
- Take and record the details of current members.
- Report these to the BMC every quarter.
- Pass contact details to the Media Officer as required (for the club email group).
- Maintain GDPR.
- Report to AGM.


## Wall Secretary (x2)
- Supervise the St Nicolas Park climbing wall.
- Ensure safety, and that all climbers are members.
- Check all club gear (ropes, holds, harnesses etc) and report when it needs replacement.
- Liaise with EveryoneActive (the sports centre management) and book wall sessions.
- Arrange route setting, junior events and any other non-standard sessions.


## Trips
- Organise outdoor (occasional indoor) climbing trips for the club.
- Book campsites and huts as required.
- Distribute information as required.
- If possible, synchronise transport arrangements.
- Attend club trips where possible, or appoint a delegate who can attend.
 

## Media
- Run the web site, putting up material supplied by the club members and committee.
- Run social media as required.
- Run the club email system and assist the Membership Officer in updating details.
 

## Social
- Organise (with the Committee) social events for the club
 

## Non-portfolio (x2)
- These officers have no specific duties other than to attend the meetings.
- This is a good first role on the Committee!
